# Content

# Introduction
A application that builds the SCB UBA report from a list of loans and creditors.

## About UBA
UBA is an ackronym of "Utlåningsstatistik för bostadskreditinstitut och alternativa investeringsfonder med utlåningsverksamhet". It is a monthly report that all actors on the swedish credit market (lenders and credit investors) must submit. It slices and dices the market actors lending asset balance sheets in different ways with the purpose of giving an overview of the state of the creditmarket and its outstanding volumes.

UBA is administered by SCB (Swedish statistics authority) on assignment by the Riksbank of Sweden.

# Purpose of project
The reporting form is huge and tedious to fill out. For many small actors focused on nisch markets or with few products most fields are out of scope. This project aims to simplify report building by taking in input that most loan ledger systems have readily available, analyze and transform the data into the official report layout.

# Project development 
The project is developed initially for one particular actor within a niche market. The application will initially only handle this use case. Those that have other use-cases are welcome to contribute to the project by forking it. If you wish for me to include your contributions please send me a Merge Request and I will look at it.  

# Disclaimer
Although the best effort to make sure that the reports generated by the application is correct the developer(s) take no responsibility for the correctness of such reports. It is the responsibility of the user to ensure that the generated report is correct. This project is mearly a tool that hopefully simplies the reporting process.



